#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.4.1
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.4
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.1
    # via -r test.txt
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.24
    # via
    #   -c common_constraints.txt
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via -r test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r test.txt
faker==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
httpretty==1.1.4
    # via -r test.txt
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pylint
newrelic==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r test.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.14.4
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   pyjwt
pylint==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   faker
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   sphinx
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.0.1
    # via -r docs.txt
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.12.1
    # via -r test.txt
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pylint
urllib3==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r base.txt
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r test.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.25.0
    # via
    #   -r test.txt
    #   tox
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
