#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via virtualenv
astroid==2.4.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==20.3.0
    # via pytest
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click-log==0.3.2
    # via edx-lint
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   click-log
    #   edx-lint
coverage==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
distlib==0.3.1
    # via virtualenv
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   rest-condition
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   rest-condition
drf-jwt==1.17.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==1.6
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==5.0.0
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.0.12
    # via virtualenv
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
httpretty==0.9.7
    # via -r requirements/test.in
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==2.1.1
    # via
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   virtualenv
importlib-resources==3.2.1
    # via virtualenv
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==4.3.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.3
    # via astroid
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
newrelic==5.24.0.153
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==20.8
    # via pytest
pathlib2==2.3.5
    # via pytest
pbr==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pyjwt[crypto]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.3.0
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.6
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pylint==2.6.0
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pymongo==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest-cov==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest==6.1.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
rest-condition==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   astroid
    #   cryptography
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   httpretty
    #   pathlib2
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   stevedore
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==1.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tox==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typed-ast==1.4.2
    # via astroid
urllib3==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.3.0
    # via tox
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
zipp==1.2.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
